So we got the data, we transformed everything,
let's now output it
and that of course is a job for the update function. Here right at the start,
I want to fetch my data and of course that is equal to,
well my visual transform function call because this, keep in mind, this gives me my data in the end, it
gives me an object which holds my data points and the maximum data.
So visual transform, here I need to pass my options and I also need to pass the host.
Now we're not using the host yet,
we'll do so later,
I can already extract a host though, I will store it in a property, private property host in my class
here, it will be of type
IVisualHost because that's the type we're expecting here as a second argument
and in my constructor, this is where I can access it, here right at the start,
I can set this host equal to options
host.
That's provided by Power BI and
now I can pass it here,
I can send this host as a second argument.
Again we don't need it yet,
we will need it soon though.
Now that is my data, now with the data down there where we use the static data,
I can now use data in our data points because that's the array of data, do the same down there of course
where we bind it and here where I used data category, here of course
and since I use data there to avoid naming conflicts, let's name it transformed data maybe.
So let's replace that here,
sorry about that
and now with that being replaced, here where I defined the maximum, I can now use transform data data.max
because now we're calculating this dynamically too.
With that all in place, if we now hit save and go back to our service and reload this, we're not seeing
anything which makes sense,
if I now drop the sales into value and the region into region,
now we see it with our own data and let's now confirm if this is correct by adding another bar chart,
a built-in one. Let's drag sales to value and region to axis and I'd say if we leave out the color,
this looks pretty much the same,
pretty awesome, right?
So that is our own chart, our own bar chart with our own data.
We can improve our code a little bit though,
so let's do this next.